[AdminBundle][FosuUserBundle] Deprecate FosUserBundle (#2737)
Kunstmaan/KunstmaanBundlesCMS: UPGRADE-5.8.md

UPGRADE FROM 5.7 to 5.8
=======================

AdminBundle
------------

Implemented a custom replacement for FosUserBundle. It is disabled by default and will be enabled by default in BundlesCMS 6.0.
If you want to enable it now you can use the following config to do so.

```
kunstmaan_admin:
  enable_custom_login: true

> #Only necessary when you have overriden the default BundlesCMS User object as when you enable the custom_login option we do not longer rely on the fos_user userclass parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#Only necessary when you have overriden the default Kunstmaan CMS User object as when you enable the custom_login option we do not longer rely on the fos_user userclass parameter.
```

parameters:

>   kunstmaan_admin.user_class: Kunstmaan\Rest\CoreBundle\Entity\RestUser

Reviewer: If we move this to de bundle config, the docs need an update too

  ```

> If you enable our custom login implentation you will also have to update your security.yaml to use our new routes. Upon changing these 2 things you are now not using anything from the FosUserBundle anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable our custom login implementation you will also have to update your security.yaml to use our new routes. Upon changing these 2 things you are now not using anything from the FosUserBundle anymore.
```
